[Music]
18 weird things that only exist in Japan
there are a lot of countries that are
famous all over the world for some
peculiarities Japan is probably one of
the most exotic ones the country is well
known for its inventions some of them
are weird
others are crazy while still others are
somewhere in between
just remember the selfie stick that so
many laughs that only a couple of years
ago here are some of the most ingenious
Japanese inventions that make life
easier and more comfortable we can't
wait for them to come to other countries
as well watch the full video and you'll
probably join us in our expectations
number 18
turning train seats if you don't like
sitting with your back in the direction
of travel you can just turn your seat to
whichever side you want the trick is
also cute if you just don't like looking
at your travel companions think about it
number 17 a motorcycle helmet with a
pony tail whole girls you'll surely like
it to be exact this is for those girls
who like both speed and beautiful hair
we can now see Japanese motorcycle
helmet manufacturers care about ladies
it's such a trifle yet a pleasant one
number 16 a place to seat a baby in a
public bathroom all parents dream of
such a thing it's a special place where
you can seat your child while you're
doing your business if it's just the two
of you it's dangerous to leave the baby
alone outside and uncomfortable to take
them in with you number 15 a cafe for
lonely hearts if you feel awkward
sitting alone in a cafe this is an
option for you when you come without any
company the staff will place a soft toy
in front of you now you're not alone and
you don't look strange talking to an
invisible companion you know what is
especially good about this invention
this interlocutor will never disagree or
interrupt you number 14 diagonal
crossings a lot of us would give much to
have diagonal road crossings in Tokyo
however it's entirely possible they even
have corresponding zebra crossings
actually in most cases we still use
diagonal crossing even without a zebra
yep breaking the rules we just try to
save our time though anyway if there is
a legal way to cross the road diagonally
we will be only too happy number 13 a
tablet holder your hands will always be
free perfect for watching movies we
wonder if there is an idea of plate and
spoon holders or feeders sweet dreaming
number 12
sunglasses for dogs this invention seems
strange at first but then you realize
dogs may not like bright sunlight just
like us and the smart Japanese thought
about it our adorable small friends are
protected and this is far more than cute
just look at it number 11 a silent
karaoke microphone if you don't want to
bother others with your singing or are
just too shy to sing out loud this mic
will help you out it muffles your voice
so only you can hear it
honestly this invention looks a bit
strange it seems that karaoke is made
for loud Mary's singing and amusement
who would like to sing silently without
dramatic outbursts do you agree share
your opinions below number ten separate
slippers for the bathroom you'll see
such slippers in every home the Japanese
consider their bathroom the dirtiest
place in their house even if it's clean
they can't enter it in the same Footwear
they walk around the rest of the house
in just think about it number nine a
cushion for lying down and working when
you work at your laptop lying on your
stomach your hands get tired very
quickly that's why there's now this
holder I bet this is just for you
working in a horizontal position in such
comfortable atmosphere is amazing number
eight the owner is last name instead of
a number on the building finding a house
in Japan by its address is a real test
most streets don't have name
and house numbers are based on the date
of their being built that's why you can
often see a plank with the house honors
name it seems very convenient doesn't it
number seven a water saving sink over
the toilet supply tank a dream for those
who care about water saving and ecology
the supply tank gathers water from the
sink when it's used to wash hands making
you utilize it twice
Japanese people care about everything at
once number six
automated stores Japan is a country of
robots and automated machines that
replace people everywhere they can for
instance this shop has no assistance
only machines a paradise for introverts
where you don't need to talk to anyone
worth at least trying number five a
hotel where a robot dinosaure will check
you in this hotel went even further and
made a robotic Clerk a robot dinosaure
in a cute hat this is just for fun well
interesting to see your face in such a
hotel number four a napkin that covers
your face when you eat burgers to eat a
huge burger you have to open your mouth
widely the Japanese are embarrassed by
this as many people are and thus rarely
order burgers the owners of one
fast-food restaurant took note of this
and started putting their burgers into
napkins that can seal your chewing face
from the rest of the world well we're
out for such tasty burgers and napkins
it is an awesome necessary thing number
three a transforming tatami it's a
tradition in Japan to do everything on
the floor eat sleep watch movies that's
why they designed a mat that you can
transform into a laptop holder and a lot
more number two an umbrella parking lot
you can find these parking lots next to
many office buildings a considerate
solution you don't need to take your
umbrella with you and think of where to
put it it would be good if there were
such an easy decision for car parking
places
number one easy to open cans
unlike the cans were used to these have
a special ring that makes them easy to
open it's so cool when manufacturers
think of even such small details apart
from the list of interesting inventions
here is a bonus the 10 strangest short
facts about Japan strange Mayo while we
use it for salads and meat they eat the
sauce with ice cream and pancakes yep
you heard right lifts men while the
whole world uses automatic elevators
with a multifunctional interface in
Japan you can still meet cute lift girls
almost in every huge building the
shortest escalator in the world it's
located in more store in the city of
kawasaki the length is only 5 steps and
the height is 32 and a half inches
what's the reason for building such a
short staircase we wonder pillows for
lonely men they look like the knees of
the beloved woman and they are also very
soft at least this partner will never
leave you there are options for lonely
women as well capsule hotels the
invention is now marching all over the
world such hotels are cheaper and helped
to save space there was always a spare
room or sure sleeping in the office this
is a dream for every working person in
Japan you can officially have a nap
right at your working place some workers
even imitate sleeping for their boss to
think there are loads of work and they
are too tired can you imagine that
chin holder Japanese people work so hard
that sometimes they fall asleep standing
in the metro so they invented a long
chin holder for their convenience
who says you cannot use this holder
standing on the street though baby mops
yes you've heard it right again as your
small kids spend most of their time on
the floor he or she can be very helpful
just combine clothes with a mop and your
floor is clean Japanese people have a
progressive look
haier holder most of us know this hair
trouble when your plate is occupied not
only with food there is no such trouble
in Japan though there is a special cover
for your face which prevents your hair
from falling into your plate genius diet
water no really
diet water this cannot be explained but
this is far more than awesome such
bottles of water are distributed
everywhere in shops and specialized
sports stores in Japan seemingly it has
a certain price we just bet this country
is worth being visited by all means for
now that's all and we hope you like our
video about Japan this country is always
interesting and creative now please
click the thumbs up button and don't
forget to subscribe you want to be on
the bright side of life with us don't
you
[Music]